tidb-lightning,br: replaced black-white-list by table-filter (#3065) (#3138)
pingcap/docs: table-filter.md

---
title: Table Filter
summary: Usage of table filter feature in TiDB tools.
category: reference
aliases: ['/docs/v3.0/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-table-filter/','/docs/v3.0/reference/tools/tidb-lightning/table-filter/','/tidb/v3.0/tidb-lightning-table-filter/']
---

# Table Filter

The TiDB ecosystem tools operate on all the databases by default, but oftentimes only a subset is needed. For example, you only want to work with the schemas in the form of `foo*` and `bar*` and nothing else.

> Since TiDB 4.0, all TiDB ecosystem tools share a common filter syntax to define subsets. This document describes how to use the table filter feature.

Reviewer: Sounds strange to reference TiDB 4.0 in the 3.0 docs.

```suggestion
Several TiDB ecosystem tools share a common filter syntax to define subsets. This document describes how to use the table filter feature.
```
